hey why is he so cruel it's me
don't be silly Ben loves you he's just
being mr. cranky pants you know I once
dated a Miss cranky pants
lovely girl kind of Moody there we go
all day my nephew hates me come on don't
do this my home may be hates me
I'm gonna do that Monica you spell up
this is nuts you know how long it's
gonna be before you actually have a deal
with this problem you don't even have a
boyfriend yet Joey she does not look fat
[Music]
Oh
okay Ross I don't know what's in this
pie
I don't know I'm butter and eggs and
flour and lime and Kiwi jewy jewy who's
that was a cute one
hi no he didn't I said Kiwi lime that's
what makes it so special
that's what's gonna kill me I'm allergic
to Kiwi you're not you're allergic to
Lobster and peanuts oh my god it's
definitely getting worse did you turn
something up my mouth smaller is he
gonna be okay now we can't bring a baby
to the hospital we'll watch him I don't
think hundreds of kids come on we want
to do it don't worry well I was looking
forward playing basketball but I guess
that's out the window okay and there's
excellent milk in the fridge check the
diapers in the back hat milk
consider it done you understood that
yeah my uncle Sal has a really big
tongue beautiful wife want to hear the
new song I'm thinking to sing in this
afternoon I wrote it this morning in the
shower okay I'm in the shower and I'm
writing a song stop me if you've heard
it my skin asobi and my hair is wet and
Terence fell back what hoot is new get
Rachel sweetheart could I see her for a
minute
fYI I've decided to pay a professional
musician to play in here on Sunday
afternoons her name is Stephanie
something is supposed to be very good
what about Phoebe Rachel it's not that
your friend is bad it's it's that she's
so bad she makes me want to put my
finger through my eye into my brain and
swirl it around okay okay so you're not
a fan you cannot do this to her oh no no
I have to do the star lather rinse
repeat and lather rinse repeat
in 3p he has needed you know I don't
think we brought enough stuff did you
forget to pack the baby's ample it's
gonna be worth it it's a known fact that
women love babies all right women love
guys who love babies it's the whole
sensitive thing but a moment that pack
of babes over there maybe want a little
break away left you baby nothing Oh
seriously you want him well don't don't
think me immodest but me you want to
smell I soon we're talking about the
baby now yeah he's got that great baby
smell it was it I think my universe just
skipped a beat I think it's great you
guys are doing this well we are great
guys you know my brother and his
boyfriend have been trying to adapt to
three years what agency did you two go
through
but this is my gig this is what I play
my name is written out there in shock
you know you can't just erase cha and
he's going to be paying this woman why
does he just give her like a throne and
a crown and like a you know gold steak
with a ball on top he's a jerk okay
that's why we're always saying Terry's a
jerk that's where that came from okay
you probably did everything you could
okay you know what let me just see what
else I can do all right look look why
don't you start going after Stephanie
whatever her name is I mean you won't be
here you don't pay or it's not gonna
cost you anything
I don't know Terry I'll even clean a
cappuccino machine don't clean the
cappuccino machine
of course I clean it I mean I will clean
it all right fine fine fine really
yeah was working for you babe what he
said he's paying the people who were
playing so oh no no no I met he's gonna
be paying another woman because she's a
professional well I'm not gonna be the
only one who's not getting paid oh no
I'm sorry no no I'm not some like sloppy
second you know charity band there are
thousands of places in this city where
people would be happy to pay to hear me
play when I play I play for me I don't
need your charity thank you
[Music]
there's no way I'm gonna give a shot
maybe they can take the needle and score
it in my mouth doctor I see someone's
having a little allergic reaction good
idea my brother the PhD we'd like to
know if there's any way to treat this
orally no under these circumstances it
has to be an injection and it has to be
no needles so you're just gonna have to
be brave okay can you do that for me you
are doing so good okay sweetheart
I really don't squeeze it so hard
that's a good plan Joe next time you
want to pick up women we should just go
to the park and make out taxi taxi
look at that talent
he's just adorable oh can you tell him
that because he thinks he looks too
pinky so what you guys got going today I
went out we're just two heterosexual
guys hanging the son of our other
heterosexual friend being using fake dad
stuff you done yeah get out of here this
is our stop oh yeah yeah sure we live in
the building by the sidewalk you know it
they looks at the neighbors you say we
get together for a drink
well sure they love us over there
where's the baby
[Music]
Eddie oh here you pull the cord
are you sure he didn't break it because
it really hurts no it's just a good bone
bruise right here is the puncture wound
from your ring I'm really sorry sorry
mm sorry hey hey I got my answers back
which we can celebrate later double
jointed boy okay so um are you the
professional guitar player yeah I'm
Stephanie right my name was on there but
now it just says carrot cake so um so
how many courts do you know all of them
oh yeah so you know I'm deep okay you
know a minor yeah okay do you know how
to go from deep to a minor yeah so does
your guitar have a strap No
[Music]
hello Authority yes hello
under research for a book and I was
wondering what somebody might do if they
left the baby on a city bus yes I do
realize that be very stupid character
here's the deal we lost the car seat on
the bus today it's white plastic when I
handle it it fits onto a stroller oh and
there was a baby
- Stephanie Schiffer
let's start with a song that I wrote for
the first time I ever loved
[Music]
actually hmm we're both the father
please on you know which one is our baby
well that one has ducks on his t-shirt
and this one has clouds that Ben was
definitely wearing ducks or clowns oh
that was definitely been remember you
get that you little more yeah hey
remember us
okay the mole came off what are we gonna
do well flip for it
ducks or clowns gonna flip for the baby
you got a better idea all right close it
pets head Judas yes
we have to assign heads to something
right okay okay uh ducks is heads
because Ducks have hits kind of scary
ass clowns came to your birthday
[Music]
look at you you did pretty well eight
dollars in 27 cents but not really cuz I
put in the first two mister you know get
the ball rolling and to make myself feel
better do you know this won't like
playing for money thing is so not good
for me you know I don't know right
thanks this is suicide
like I got a dollar 75 but then smelly
can't I got 25 cents and a condom so you
know now I just feel really bad for
smelly cat well you know me I don't I
don't think everybody gets smelly cat
you know I mean if all you've ever
actually had our our healthy pets and
it's not even bad you know it's just I
know I used to do my songs cuz it made
me happy now it's like this is all about
the money you know people missed you in
there and in fact there was actually a
request for smelly cat really from him
well me and I know it's not your no big
money song but it's my favorite right
did I accidentally drop a condom in your
case
it's kind of an emergency hey thanks a
lot
[Music]
just want to thank you for being there
for me today and I'm sorry I almost
broke two hands sorry i poisoned you
ever the time I Jam that pencil into
your hand remember it what do you think
this is of reco
oh wait a minute I'm that I hit you in
the face with it
sylveon's pumpkin oh man remember when I
stuck that broom in your bike spokes and
you flipped over and hit your head on
the curb there's a little sister I hope
she can kick his ass hey how about the
time like couple legs off your Malibu
Ken that was you they were infected he
wouldn't have made it
hey hey he's not crying yes
a little boy oh you want daddy to change
your diaper yeah I know I know
so did you have fun with uncle Joey
uncle today
oh yeah he rode the bus today big boy
riding the but hey I have a question oh
it's his property of human services on
his but you you are gonna love this come
here come here
[Music]
smelly cat smelly cat feel bad cuz it's
a hard song yeah okay there's no top all
right that's the beauty of smelly cat
why do you just follow me
[Music]
too much